Removing the images that are no longer being managed in azure-pipelin… (#1445)
microsoft/azure-pipelines-image-generation: images/linux/README.md

> Azure pipelines Linux-based images are now in the [virtual-environments](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments) repository. For future contributions or issues please use the virtual-environments repository instead. You can still view the commit history of those images from when they used to live in the azure-pipelines-image-generation repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Pipelines Linux-based images are now in the [virtual-environments](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments) repository. Please submit issues and pull requests in the virtual-environments repository instead. You can still view the full commit history of the images in this repository.
```
